Package: gpgol
Contact: info-gpgol@g10code.com
Bugs:    bug-gpgol@g10code.com

This is a GPG plugin for MS Outlook, formerly known as the G-DATA
plugin.  There has been no development on this tool for a couple of
years and thus we started to rewrite it from scratch.


.          Top directory with build scripts and information files.

src/       Code to build the actual core of the plugin.  The resulting
           DLL will be named "gpgol.dll".  It is to be build using
           the Mingw toolchain.

To install this plugin, copy it to some directory (e.g. where gpg lives),
make sure that the libgpg-error.dll and gpgme.dll are available in a
directory where Windows searches for DLLs (e.g. c:\winnt\system32),
stop Outlook, run the command "regsvr32 outlgpg.dll" and start
Outlook. You should then find a new tab named "GnuPG" in Outlook's
option menu.

Note: For building in src/ you need to throw an original mapi32.dll
into this directory.  This is due to a bug in the binutils: ld is not
able to properly read a DEF file but will happily use the same
information from an actual DLL.  The problem is that symbols like
HrSetOneProp@8 are actually written without the "@8" into the import
table when used with a DEF file and generated import lib.  Needs more
debugging - any BFD cracks who can lend me a helping hand?  (wk).

Bug reporting: First click on the logo on the GnuPG options tab to
check whether a neer version has been released - try this first.  If
this does not help, check out the mailing lists and also the bug
archive at http://bugs.gnupg.org (use username and password "guest",
select "query" and there category "gpgol") if you did not found any
information there please send a report, including all relevant version
numbers to the bug email address as given on top of this file.




